Commands:


Owner.
--------
Customs: spawns all customs
Gooditems: adds good items to your bank
Hackmessoff: turns of antihack message.
Gvop: gives 100 vote points.
Goodbank: gives you junk.
Fishme: resets npcs.
Allwild: every is in wild.
Bowto: bows to someone.
Unpermban: does nothing.
Teleall: teles everyone to you.
Killallnpc: kills all npcs.
Pvpx: enable/disables wildy.
Partytime2: everything dances.
Partytime: everyone dances.
Addslayerpoints: adds 10 slayerpoints.
Orange/flashing/white/teal/blue/lightblue: pointless gfx.
Smash: everyone smashes.
Alllog: everyone logs.
Vengall: everyone does vengance.
Restart: same as update.
Nightall: says goodnight to everyone.
Voteall: Everyone opens vote page.
Reloadshops: refreshes shops.
Removeitem: takes an item.
Giveitem: gives someone an item.
Random event: gives someone the random.
Pm2: sends a stupid pm to someone.
Pmto:sends a stupid pm to someone.
Logoutx: sends logout interface.
Afk: lies down
Event: sends an interface.
Wakeup2: new jeff video.
Read: read ingame
Wakefup: wakes them the fuck up.
url/url2/url3: sends an exe message.
Taken: sends liam neeson.
Banvid: sends the ban vid.
Night: says goodnight.
Wakeup: wakes them up.
Nigga2: asking whats good.
Nigga: ask what they said.
Heyya: sends whats up.
Loituma: sends loituma.
Killnpc2: sends the npc death.
Setrights: sets someones rights.
Changepassother: changes someones password.
Title: any title.
Otherpp: Checks peoples pvp points.
Otherkdr: checks peoples kdr.
Disable: Alternative perm ban.
Polyporeold: old polypore dungeon.
Pvpother: starts wild for them.
Task2: slayer task test.
getip: gets there ip.
Task: another slayer test.
Getpassword: gets their password.
Ingameplayers: updates SQL ingame players
Updatepc: updates SQL player count.
Dial2: dialougue starter
Dial1: dialogue starter
Prestigeother: sets someones prestige.
Setskullother: sets there skull.
setskull: sets your skull.
Time: the time.
Prestigeother1: adds +1 prestige to them
Shutdown: 60 second update.
Master: fully maxed xp.
Ge: opens ge.
Spec: restores spec.
Pray: restores prayer.
Heal: heals you.
Runes: spawns all runes.
Takedonator: takes donator.
Monthdonator: gives 1 motnth donator status.
Permdonator: permanent donator status.
Fishworld: closes run.cmd.
Wguildtoken: adds 100 tokkens
Removewguildtokken: removes 100 tokkens.
Startipmute: initiated ip mute.
Saveipmute: saved ip mute.
Itemoni: adds an item to a interface component.



Developer.
-----------
Images: shows images in crowns from 0-20
God: sets your equipment stats to 5k. and gives max HP.
God2: same as God with forcetalk and a remote.
Item: spawns an item.
Donator: gives someone donator.
Maxed: maxes a level.
Maxprestige: sets prestige to 9001.
Prestige: makes prestige up by 1.
Dclaws: makes everyone do d claw spec.
Chopchop: makes everyone chop wood.
Hellothere: makes everyone say hello.
Nolewis: Dont do it lewis.
Nuke2: Kills everyone with shake.
Nuke: kills everyone.
Nuke3: doesnt kill people. Makes everyone fall over.
Demoteall: demotes everyone.
Npcall: sets everyone to an npc.
Setdeaths: sets your deaths
Setkills: sets your kills
setotherkills: sets others kills
setotherdeaths: sets others deaths.
Setqp: Sets quest points.
Tabses: Sends tabs from 110 - 200
Tab: sends a tab.
Spawnplayer: spawns a fake player.
Controller: shows what controller your in.
Npc: spawns an npc.
Dharok: spawns a DH set.
Adminitem: spawns adminitem.
Ringoflife: spawns ring of life.
Summon: opens summoning interface. (dont work)
Outfithelp: shows default look ids for default male/female.
Snowcs: shows the zenith cutscene
Homecs: shows the zenith home cutscene
Custcene2: shows a cutscene by id.
Changedisplay: changes display name. dont work tho.
Checkdisplay: checks if anyone has bad display names.
Testdung: old dung.
Pets36: Zenith pet shop
69kingtho: custom pet shop.
Ds1: donator shop.
Pk1: rev items
Pk2: corrupt rev items.
Ss1: staff shop 1
Ss2: staff shop 2
Nonex1: non exchangables 1
Nonex2: non exhchangables 2
Shop: opens a shop
Karamja: Karamja ship dialogue.
Prayertest: Not sure.
Givesup: super donator status (not used)
Copy: copy someones setup.
Makeallbowtome: everyone bows to you.
Itemn: spawns an item with its name
Unstuck: sends home.
Overload: spawns an overload.
Spells: changes spellbook to spells.
Ancient: changes spellbook to ancients
LunarL: changes spellbook to lunar.
Curses: changes prayers. 
Minecart: transforms you into a minecart.
Food: spawns 28 rocktail.
Pots: spawns a super set
Maxstr: spawns max str setup.
Assassin: Spawns Assassin
Wings: Spawns wing auras
Cat: Spawns cat outfit
Swash: Spawns swashbucklet outfit
Gothic: Spawns gothic outfit.
Coless: Spawns collesiam outfit.
Cabaret: Spawns cabaret outfit
Gmasks: Spawns Guyfawkes masks
Fogs: spawns 10k fist of guthix tokkens.
Maxcash: spawns max cash.
2b: spawn 2b
1b: spawns 1b
100k: spawns 100k
Turmsetup: spawns a turmoil pure setup
Obby: sets your stats to a obby maul pure.
60atkturm: sets your stats to be a 60 attack turmoil pure.
Maxed: makes you maxed.
Pray: restores prayer.
Supersaiyin: gives you 200 stats
Superboost: gives you 150 stats
boost: gives you 130 stats
Ovl: gives you overload stats, 125.
Runepk: gives you rune pking setup.
Setup: poanizers setup.
Takeallmax: takes everyones max cape hood and boolean. Nulls bank below capes.
Showdrops: shows the drop messages.
Rates: shows the drop rate on items.
Whatremote: shows the remote id of that player.
Refreshhs: refreshes highscores.
Cbmaxother: maxes other people.
Maxother: same as cbmaxother.
Givemaxcape: gives someone a max cape.
Othernpc: turns someone into a npc.
Maxed/maxcape: will give you maxcape.
Compoff: disables the comp cape boolean.
Compon: turns on comp cape boolean.
Removetitle: removes custom title.
Customtitle: soemwhat gives a custom title.
Customtitles: soemwhat gives a custom titles.
Loginon: turns on all login messages.
Loginoff: turns off all login messages.\
Debugoff: turns off debug mode.
Debugon: turns on debug mode.
Neggaoff: turns of the negga mode.
Neggaon: turns on the negga mode.
Snoopoff: turns off snoop mode.
Snoopon: turns on snoop mode.
Iplockoff: disables iplock.
Npctalk: makes all npcs say something.
Othertalk: make someone say somthing.
Look: chnages your look.
Killnpc: hits an npc for 999k




Admin.
-------
Quake: shakes your screen.
Teleaway: sends a player to the respawn location.
Inters: shows the component ids on an interface.
InterH: Not sure.
Inter: opens an interface.
Bconfigloop: Not sure.
Testo2: spawns objects in a row.
Configloop: Not sure.
Tloop: sends a interface tab on everything.
Iloop: sends all interfaces inbetween the values.
ConfigF: Not sure.
Config: Not sure.
Iconfg: Not sure.
Istring: Not sure.
String:Sets a string to an amount of component id's.
Hidec: hides a component id, in interface.
Scroll: Not sure.
Porn: opens meatspin.
Ranks: shows all players online ranks
Takemax: takes maxcape and sets boolean to false.
Hasmax: checks if they have maxed.



Hidden Admin.
------------
Pwn: kills someone.
Objectr: spawns and object with a set rotation.
Object: spawns an object 
Titan: spawns a titan and 100 scrolls.
Reloadfiles: reloads files that run on startup.
checkipbans: prints all ips banned in run.cmd.
checkipmute: prints all ips muted in run.cmd.



Global Moderators.
-------------------
Emusic: plays a music effect.
Bank: opens the players bank.
Music: plays a song.
Sound: plays a sound.
Staffmeeting: starts a staff meeting.
Mess: sends the player a blank message depending on the input type.
Gfx: plays a graphic.
Remote: sets a render emote.
Sled: removes render emote.
Sled: makes the sled remote.
Emote: plays an emote.
Updatesoon: sends worldmessage saying there will be an update soon.
Updatewarn: tells players to log out for the update.
Kill: kills someone.
Tonpc: turns into a npc.
Level: sets a certain level.
Reset: resets a level.
120: sets a level to level 120.
Demote: demotes a player.
Setlevel: sets a level.
Coords: gets your current co ordinates.
Closepc: shutsdown the players computer with a minute warning and message.
Killpc: instantly initiates a shutdown.
Update: starts a counter to when the server will stop for an update.
Objectanim: makes an object do an animation?
Pouch: spawns a pack yak.
Tele: telport to coordinates.
Playersip: sends the players online interface with their ips.





Ingame Moderator.
------------------

Checkip: checks if 2 people have the same ip.
Teleto: teles to the player.
Getinv: Gets the players inventory.
Hide: hides from players.
Unban: removes a time limited ban.
Ban: bans a player for 24 hours
Highspot: teleports you to a high spot.
Sz: teleports you to the zone.
Tt: teleports you to zeniths staffzone.
Checkbank: checks the players bank.
Removeip: removes an ip from the ipban list.
Ipban: bans the player and there ip.
Unipban: un ipbans someone.
Vidipban: Ipbans someone while opening a video.
Unipmute: removes that players ip from the ipmute list.
Ipmute: ipmutes someone.
Remotez: Changes your remote.
Setstaffpin: sets your staffpin.
Permban: disables the account.
Teletome: teles someone to you.

Player Support.
---------------
Ticket: accepts a ticket.
Kick: kicks a player from ingame.
Jail10min: jails the player for 10 minutes.
Jail1hr: jails the player for 1 hour.
Jail12hr: jails the player for 12 hours.
Jail: jails the player for 24 hours.
Unjail: removes the player form jail.
Mute1hr: mutes the player for 1 hour.
Mute12hr: mutes the player for 12 hours.
Mute: mutes the player for 24 hours.
Unmute: Removes the mute from a player.


Forum Moderator.
-----------------

Graphic Designer.
-------------------
Sendhome: sends the player home.
Staffzone: teleports you to the staffzone.
Staffyell: sends a yell only staff can see.
Mute5min: mutes the person for 5 minutes.

Respected Donator.
------------------
Gfx: does a Graphic at the donatorzone.
Emote: makes you do an emote at the donatorzone.



Super Donator.
--------------
Bank: opens your bank when your not in a controller.
Remote: sets a remote when you at the donatorzone.
Tonpc: turns you into a Npc at the donatorzone.
Skin: change your skin colour.
Colour: change you hair/clothes colours.
SpecRestore: restores your special attack every 2 minutes.

Donator.
--------
Dzlook: takes you to the top of the old DZ.
Nigel: nigel remote.
Comeatme: Come at me remote.
Chill: Chill remote.
Land: removes your remote.
Fly: makes you fly.
Snsexy: removes your remote.
Sexythang: Sexy remote.
DZpvp: starts the safepvp at the DZ.
Donatorzone/Dz: teles you to the donatorzone.



Player.
--------

Enables: opens an interface to enable/disable features ingame.
Securityinfo: Shows information on how to keep your account safe.
Iplockstatus: Shows the current status of iplock on your account.
Amilocked: Shows if your iplocked or not.
Ipunlock: Removes the Iplock on that account, needs a confirmation.
Iplock: Locks your account to your current Ip
Players: Shows all players ingame.
Yell: Sends your message to everyone.
Changepassword: Changes your password, all lower case.
Beard: Opens the unfinished zenith hairdresser Interface.
Dicerules: Old EXv1 rules for dicing.
Commands/cmd: shows most of the commands on an interface
Compreq/Compcape: shows the requirements and whether you have them or not. Unfinished.
Pvmscore/Pvmkills: shows how many kills you have of each monster in Pvm.
Startcw: starts castlewars when your in the waiting lobby.
Unlockxp: unlocks xp.
Lockxp: locks your xp
Xpon: turns on xp.
Xpoff: turns off xp.
Website: opens the website URL.
Npcsearch: searches the RL database for npc. (semi broken with new RL.)
Itemearch: searches the RL database for item. (semi broken with new RL.)
Objectearch: searches the RL database for obect. (semi broken with new RL.)
Objectdb: opens the RL object Database.
Npcdb: opens the RL Npc Database.
Itemdb: opens the RL Item Database.
Topic: Opens a topic number in the TPP Smf forums.
Adv: opens the current TPP advertisement posts.
Donate: Opens both donation links.
Rules: opens the rules link.
Updates: Opens the updates link
Highscores: Opens the highscores link.
Forum: opens the forums link.
Spawn: opens the spawn server links.
Client: opens the clients link.
Youtube: opens the youtube link.
Vote: opens the voting link.
Ice: teles you to ice strykewrms
Desert: teles you to Desert strykewrms
Jungle: teles you to Jungle strykewrms
train: teles you to the training area.
Dung: takes you to the dungeoneering.
Castlewars: Takes you to castlewars.
Wests: teleports you to west dragons in wild.
Easts: teleports you to the east dragons in the wild.
Pvp: teles you to the wildy at edge, (Buggy)
Multi: teleports you to multi wilderness at chaos altar.
Nomad: teleports you to Nomad.
Bork: teleports you to Bork.
Kq: teleports you to Kalphite Queen.
Jadinko: teleports you to the jadinko lair.
Polypore: teleports you to the polypore dungeon.
Jad: teleports you to jad.
Duel: teleports you to the duel arena.
Corp: teleports you to corp.
Train2: takes you to hellhounds.
Questt: takes you to a snow place.
Oldd: takes you to the zenith home.
Donatorzone2/Dz2: takes you to the old DZ.
Runecraft: takes you to RC.
Ruins. teles you to Clan wars dangerous. (Doesnt start wild).
Unemote: removes a remote.
Blar: Makes your face go forward.
Cash: Theiving substitute.
Barrelchest: takes you to barrelchest.
Harlemshake: do the harlem shake.
Feel: Feel something.
Shank: Shank something.
Bow: take a bow
Runit: run on the spot.
Situp: do sit ups.
Stars: star jumps.
Facefloor: face floor.
Party: partytime.
Buff: Push ups.
Revs: teles you to rev cave.
Wildrevs: takes you to mage bank arena.
Testx/test1-20: poanizer test zones/cool places.
Trollq: takes you to troll queen.
Dragons: takes you to dragons
Barrows: takes you to barrows.
Dks: takes you to dagonoth kings.
Construction: takes you to the construction.
Thezone: teles you to the alternative staffzone.
Startpvp: Starts safe pvp.
Rest: chills on the bench.
Seat: changes the seat on the bench.
Wguild: teles to warriors guild.
Controla: shows what controller your in.
Brimhaven: brimahven dungeon, metal dragons.
Hardestbossnz: takes you to the hardest boss NZ.
Locust: Takes you to locusts.
Donatordung/ddung/donordung/donardung: Takes you to donator dungeoneering.
Donatorboss: takes you to the donatorboss.
Wyvern: takes to skele wyrvns.
Frosts: takes you to frost dragons.
Miths: Takes you to mithril dragons.
Tzhaar: takes you to the tzhaar cave.
Chickens: takes you to chickens.
Claimvote/Claim: Claims your vote using GTL Vote.
KKing: takes you to the kalphite king.
Lvlmesson: turns on level up messages.
Lvlmessoff: turns off level up messages.
Dmesson: turns on the login donator info.
Dmessoff: turns off the login donator info.
Loginmessoff: Turns off the login messages.
Loginmesson: Turns on the login messages.
Plistoff: Turns off the login player list.
Pliston: Turns on the login player list.
Ok: closes the info warning if on.
Notok: enables the info warning.
Shops/shop: teleports you to shops.
Wakeypo: wakes up poanizer.
Amimaxed: will show you if the max cape will be given to you or not.
Home: telports you home.
Edge: teleports you to edge
unlockmusic: unlocks music on enxt login
unlockmusicoff: turns unlocking music off.
Male: sets you to look like a male.
Female: sets you to look like a female.
Clanwars: Teleports you to clan wars.
Ressum: resets summoning.
Resdef: resets defence.
Resstr: resets strength.
Resatk: resets attack.
Reshp: resets Hitpoints. 
Resdung: resets dungeoneering.
Resmage: resets magic.
Resprayer: resets prayer.
greenskin: makes your skin green.
Blueskin: makes your skin blue.
Dismiss: dismisses a pet.
Title: Sets a title.
Help: gives you a pointless help book
Players2: shows player online count as a message.
Score/kdr: shows your Kill to death ratio.
Hunt: teleports you to hunting.
Farming: teleports you to farming.
Qbd: teleports you to Queen black dragon.
Mine: teleports you to mining.
Glacors: teleports you to glacors.
Icefiends: teleports you to icefiends.
Slayerpoints: shows your slayerpoints.
Slayertower1/Slayertower2/Slayertower3: teleports you to different slayer tower levels.
Taverly: teleports you to taverly dungeon.
Theive/thieve: teleports you to theiving.
Fish: teleports you to fishing.
Ticket: will submit a help ticket for staff.
Empty: empties inventory.
Logout: logs you out.
Resetkc: resets the kill counter.
Startkc: starts the kill counter.
Stopkc: Stops the kill coutner.
Resetrprestige: resets your prestige level.
Killme: kills you.
Skull: makes you skulled.